Add Zenodo info to release checklist (#363)
nf-core/nf-co.re: markdown/developers/release_checklist.md

  * Once approved by two reviewers, merge your PR into `master`
* Go to GitHub and [create a new release for your pipeline](https://help.github.com/en/articles/creating-releases)
  * Optional: Use a [nice code name](http://www.codenamegenerator.com/) for your pipeline release
* Create your release.

## After release

A number of events are automatically triggered after the pipeline is released:
  * A tagged container for the release will be built in the [nf-core Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/orgs/nfcore/repositories) account. This will take ~30-45 minutes to build after the release.
  * The [nf-core website](https://nf-co.re/pipelines) will be updated automatically with the release information.
  * The [nf-core Twitter](https://twitter.com/nf_core) account will send out an automated tweet about the pipeline release within minutes.
  * A [Zenodo DOI](https://zenodo.org/) is automatically generated that provides a persistent means with which to cite the pipeline.

>     * After the first release of the pipeline you will need to add the DOI manually into the main `README.md` for the pipeline.
>         * Search for your pipeline on Zenodo and find the DOI that allows you to "Cite all versions" of the pipeline.
>         * Uncomment the Zenodo-related `TODO` statement in the `Citation` section of the main `README.md` and insert the Zenodo DOI. You should just be able to edit and commit the changes on the `master` branch directly.
>         * Add in a badge for the Zenodo DOI at the top of the main `README.md` e.g. [nf-core/atacseq](https://github.com/nf-core/atacseq/blob/fa1e3f8993cd20e249b9df09d29c5498eff311d2/README.md). As with the point above, you should just be able to edit and commit the changes on the `master` branch directly so its probably best to make both changes together.

Reviewer: I think this would be clearer outside of the list - it's not really one of the _"events that are automatically triggered after the pipeline is released"_
```suggestion

After the first release of the pipeline you will need to add the DOI manually into the main `README.md` for the pipeline:

* Search for your pipeline on Zenodo and find the DOI that allows you to _"Cite all versions"_ of the pipeline.
* Uncomment the Zenodo-related `TODO` statement in the `Citation` section of the main `README.md` and insert the Zenodo DOI. You should just be able to edit and commit the changes on the `master` branch directly.
* Add in a badge for the Zenodo DOI at the top of the main `README.md` e.g. [nf-core/atacseq](https://github.com/nf-core/atacseq/blob/fa1e3f8993cd20e249b9df09d29c5498eff311d2/README.md). As with the point above, you should just be able to edit and commit the changes on the `master` branch directly.

Finally, don't forget to bump up the pipeline version number in the development branch:

```
